Re-organize repo, update docfx, merge MainSite (#363)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: README.md

## Overview

This is the home of Steeltoe documentation and blog articles. The site uses [DocFX](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx) to convert Markdown to HTML, generate API documentation from triple-slash comments in Steeltoe and generate site navigation.
This is the home of Steeltoe website, documentation and blog articles.

## Site Contents

| Path | Description
| --- | ---
| `/api` | API documentation
| `/articles` | blog posts
| `/guides` | guides for getting started with Steeltoe
| `/template` | theming

## DocFX Markdown

DocFX offers an enhanced flavor of Markdown. To see examples and learn more, view the [DocFX Flavored Markdown](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/spec/docfx_flavored_markdown.html) documentation.

> Visual Studio Code users may find the [Docs Authoring Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=docsmsft.docs-authoring-pack) extension pack useful.

Reviewer: Should we still mention this (and potentially other tools)?

Author: I moved this chunk of information to docs/README

> The site should now be running at <https://localhost:8080>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The site should now be running at [https://localhost:8080](https://localhost:8080).
```

Reviewer: I didn't know it worked like that. Then only the trailing dot is missing.

> If this is your first time running the site and you only follow this step, none of the static content will be processed and you will encounter 404 errors when browsing the site.

### Including DocFX content

> If you want API browser content available on your machine, review the [build README](build/README.md) before starting the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want API Browser content available locally, see the [build README](build/README.md) before starting the site. Note that it takes several minutes to run.
```

Author: Counterpoint to capitalizing browser here https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/

> For a faster feedback loop, exclude the API Browser content by building the static content with the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a faster feedback loop, you can skip building the API Browser content and only build the documentation YAML files with the following commands:
```

```shell
dotnet tool restore
dotnet docfx build docs/docfx.json
```

> With the fast-feedback approach, it is expected to see `InvalidFileLink` warnings in files under the path `docs/api`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If you skipped building the API Browser content, `InvalidFileLink` warnings will appear in files at the path `docs/api`.
```

## Overview

This is the home of the [Steeltoe website](https://steeltoe.io/), which hosts documentation and blog articles.

The website is built with [ASP.NET Core Blazor](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/blazor/) and [docfx](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx).
docfx generates API documentation from triple-slash comments in Steeltoe source code and converts [Markdown](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/markdown.html) documents to HTML.

## Building and running the site

To run the website, open [Steeltoe.io.sln](src/Steeltoe.io.sln) in your preferred IDE, or use the command-line:

```shell
cd src\Steeltoe.io\
dotnet run
```

The site should now be running at <https://localhost:8080>.

> [!NOTE]
> If this is your first time running the site and you only follow this step, none of the static content will be processed and you will encounter 404 errors when browsing the site.

### Including DocFX content

If you want API Browser content available locally, see the [build README](build/README.md) before starting the site. Note that it takes several minutes to run.

> For a faster feedback loop, you can skip building the API Browser content and only build the documentation YAML files with the following commands:

Author: Yeah... it's annoying, but apparently that's [just how it works (for now)](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/59451)

> For a faster feedback loop, you can skip building the API Browser content and only build the documentation YAML files with the following commands:

Reviewer: That explains it. Resolving, we can't do anything about it.

## Overview

This is the home of the [Steeltoe website](https://steeltoe.io/), which hosts documentation and blog articles.

The website is built with [ASP.NET Core Blazor](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/blazor/) and [docfx](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx).
docfx generates API documentation from triple-slash comments in Steeltoe source code and converts [Markdown](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/markdown.html) documents to HTML.

> ## Building and running the site

Author: Yeah, it was originally "here's the minimum" with a buildup to doing _everything_. I've pushed some changes

> ## Building and running the site

Reviewer: Thanks. I was unable to create a suggestion due to nested backticks, so pushed a commit to cleanup the layout. Please resolve if you're okay with the changes.
